docs: restructure docs sidebar (#1796)
urbica/martin: docs/src/tools.md

# Provided Tools

> Next to the `martin` server, we provide a set of tools to help build and manage maps. These tools are designed to work seamlessly with the `martin` server and can be used to generate tiles, manage data, and perform various operations on maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the `martin` tile server, we provide a set of tools to help build and manage maps. These tools are designed to work seamlessly with the `martin` server and can be used to generate tiles, manage data, and perform various operations on maps.
```
